The prestigious school that turned out
many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Kacchan and Todoroki started
second in the test of courage.
If they haven't moved from there,
then they shouldn't be far.
Sh-Shoji?!
Those injuries...
You shouldn't be moving anymore, should you?
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
You're only thinking
about saving your friend...
What are we going to do with you?
That just now...
D-Don't tell me...
Yeah.
If we want to get through here,
we'll have to do something about this first...
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
Get away... from me...!
You'll die!
T-Tokoyami!
"Roaring Upheaval"
Wh-What's going on, Shoji?!
Quiet.
After Mandalay's Telepath about
the villain attack telling us not to engage,
we went on alert immediately.
Right after that, we were attacked by a villain.
Shoji!
I covered Tokoyami, hiding in
the foliage even as my arm got cut off.
Your arm...?!
Even though it's not a shallow cut,
it's not like I've lost it forever.
My Dupli-Arms can even
duplicate my duplicated organs,
and what was cut off was a duplicate.
But I guess he couldn't even stand that.
The Quirk he had been holding
back started getting out of control...
In deep darkness, he can't control it...
I didn't realize his Quirk was so peaky...
It was probably his emotions,
like righteous indignation and regret
that made it even more wild.
He kept trying to hold it back, but...
It reacted to any movement or sound,
turning into a monster that was just
lashing out with attacks indiscriminately.
Forget... about me...
Find the others...
...and help them!
Calm down, Dark Shadow!
Dark Shadow's weakness is light.
If we lead it to the fire or
back to camp, it should calm down.
Midoriya, no matter the circumstance,
I don't want to become a person
who leaves a suffering friend behind.
You forced that body to get you here
because you were worried about Bakugo, right?
If you think you can still move,
I'll draw Dark Shadow away
and open up a path for you.
Wait...
It's pretty far to either camp or the fire.
Then, you'll be in dange--
I know.
The act of saving people comes with risks.
That's why heroes are called heroes.
Will you stay with me and help Tokoyami,
or will you rush to where Bakugo is...?
Which will you choose, Midoriya?
Sorry, Shoji...
"Villain - Moonfish - Quirk: Blade-Tooth"
Flesh... Piece of meat...
Flesh...
I can't get near him, damn it!
The only thing I can do is
blast him with everything I've got...
You can't!
If the trees burn, just cover
them with ice right after!
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
The blast will impair my vision, too!
What'll happen if I can't stop all of it?
Our opponent has the advantage
in both number of moves and distance!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
There! I can see ice!
They're in the middle of a fight!
Huh?
Bakugo! Todoroki!
One of you, please--
Make some light!
Flesh...
Sorry, Shoji,
I want to keep going, but I have an idea.
What is it?
If it'll react to just sound,
then make duplicates
of your arms to use as bait
"whoo whoo"
and make it follow without attacking us.
But we'll lead it to Kacchan.
He can calm Dark Shadow
down with an explosion.
If I have to choose one or the other...
...I want to save both of them!
Kacchan!
Shoji and Midoriya?
And...
...Tokoyami?!
Hurry up and make light!
Tokoyami's out of control!
Indiscriminate attacks, huh?
All right, I'll use my flames...
Wait, idiot.
Flesh... Piece of meat....
It's no good... I can't allow it...
I'm the only one who's allowed
to look at a cross-section of those kids...
Don't steal them from me...!
Don't beg.
Small fry!
Look...
I haven't had enough fun yet!
I'm a bad match-up for you.
Sorry... Thanks for saving me...
In an instant, the opponent we were
barely able to defend against was...
Tokoyami, are you all right?
You did a good job doing what we asked.
Tokoyami! Don't fight it!
Surrender yourself to Dark Shadow!
Sorry, Shoji...
You, too, Midoriya...
I was too immature...
I let my anger take over
and released Dark Shadow...
The influence of the darkness and my anger
spurred on that guy...
In the end, it got so strong that I couldn't
hold it back and ended up hurting Shoji.
We can leave that for later.
That's what you would say, right?
Oh, right!
We confirmed that one of
the villains' targets is Kacchan.
Bakugo?
Are they trying to kill him? Why?
I don't know.
Anyway,
I think the camp is the safest place
since there are two pros, Vlad King and Mr. Aizawa, there.
I see. So now our mission is
to escort Bakugo there, huh?
But at the clearing,
the Pussycats are still fighting.
Going back on the path would bring us to
the attention of the villains, and we'd lose time.
We should cut straight across.
We don't know how many villains there are.
We might come across one suddenly.
We can use Shoji's search ability.
And we have Todoroki's freezing,
and if Tokoyami's okay with it, an invincible
Dark Shadow with built-in controls...
Honestly, with this group,
we could probably even go up against All Might.
What's with you guys?!
You walk in the middle.
Don't protect me, you scum!
Let's go!
Don't ignore me!
Make sure you keep up.
Don't tell me what to do!
Get everyone back safely.
If we do that, then we win...
"Ochaco Uraraka"
"Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"She can make people and things weightless with the pads on the tips of her fingers."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 12/27"
"Height: 156 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Japanese Food"
"Tsuyu Asui"
"Quirk: Frog"
"She can do pretty much everything a frog can, like stretch out her tongue really far."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 2/12"
"Height: 150 cm" "Blood Type: B" "Likes: Jello"
"5 Minutes Earlier"
Ochaco, is your arm okay?
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
Yeah, it just grazed me.
Shallow... Not much blood...
"Villain - Himiko Toga"
That's mean, suddenly coming out slashing at us!
Who are you?
I'm Toga!
You two sure are cute.
Uraraka and... Asui...
She knows our names.
Maybe from the sports festival?
In any case, she knows who we are,
which means we're at a disadvantage.
There's not enough blood.
Normally, I'd suck it out
directly from the cut to get more,
but this machine will
start sucking if I just stick it in,
so my work will progress very quickly.
I'm sticking it in.
She's coming!
Ochaco!
Run back to camp!
We were give permission to use our Quirks not to defeat
the villains but to protect ourselves!
That's the kind of person Mr. Aizawa is.
Tsu, you too!
Of course, I will also--
"Tsu"...
"Tsu"... "Tsu"...!
Ribbit...
What a cute nickname.
I'm gonna call you that, too.
Don't.
The only people I want calling me
that are the ones I want to be friends with.
Yay, then I'm your friend, too! All right!
Tsu!
You're bleeding, my friend, Tsu.
You're so cute. I love blood.
Get away from her!
Against someone with a knife,
pivot on one foot to disappear
from your opponent's line of sight
and grab the wrist and base of the neck.
Then, with all your might, pull!
And push down!
It's the close combat technique
I learned during my internship!
Gunhead Martial Arts!
That was amazing, Ochaco!
Tsu, can you restrain
her hands with your tongue?
Does it hurt?
Give me a second for my tongue.
Ochaco...
You're wonderful, too.
You've got the same smell as me.
There's someone you like, right?
And you feel like you want
to be like that person, right?
I'll win! I'll win and be like Deku, too!
I can tell.
'Cause you're a maiden like me.
What... is with her...?
You want to be the same
as the person you like, right?
It's only natural, right?
You end up wearing the same things and stuff...
But eventually, not even that's enough...
You end up wanting
to become that person, right?
It can't be helped, right?
What kind of person do you like?
I love people who are
beat up and smell like blood!
That's why in the end, I always cut them up!
Hey, Ochaco, you're having fun, right?
It's fun talking about our crushes, right?
Ochaco!
Suck, suck... Suck, suck...
Suck, suck...
Uraraka?!
Shoji! Everyone!
Shoot...!
There are more people now
and I don't want to be killed,
so bye-bye.
--Wai--
--It's too dangerous!
We don't even know what kind of Quirk she has.
Who was that woman just now?
A villain. A crazy one.
Uraraka, you're injured!
It's fine. I can still totally walk.
Anyway, you're the one that--
This isn't the time to stand around and talk.
Let's go, quickly.
Anyway, I'm just glad you're okay.
I know! Come with us!
Right now, we're protecting
Kacchan as we head back to camp.
Ribbit?
You're protecting Bakugo?
Where is Bakugo?
Huh?!
What are you saying?
Kacchan is right behind...
During this emergency,
no one let their guard down.
But...
The boy you're talking about...
I took him with my magic.
This talent isn't someone
who should be on the hero side.
We'll take him to a stage
where he can shine more.
"Villain - Mr. Compress"
Give him back!
"Give him back"?
That's a strange thing to say.
Bakugo doesn't belong to anyone.
He's his own person, you egoist.
Give him back!
Move!
We simply want to show him that
the path he's on now with its fanatical
values is not the only path he can take.
Kids these days are made to choose
their paths based on their values.
It's not just Bakugo!
Tokoyami's not here, either!
He snatched the two in the back noiselessly?
What kind of Quirk does he have?
To go out of your way to talk to us...
You're underestimating us.
I was originally an entertainer, you know.
It's a bad habit of mine.
Taking Tokoyami was
an improvisation on my part.
Moonfish... The man with "Blade-Tooth"...
He may not look it, but he's a cutthroat on
death row whose appeal was dismissed.
With a violent nature that trampled
that cutthroat down one-sidedly,
I decided that he was good, too.
You bastard! Don't take them!
Midoriya! Calm down!
Uraraka, take this guy.
Right!
Sorry, tricks and running away
are my only redeeming features!
There's no way I'd fight students
who are hero candidates.
Vanguard Action Squad!
Target successfully collected!
It was just a short while, but with this,
our show has come to a close!
As arranged, head to the
retrieval point in the next five minutes!
"Come to a close"...?
No!
I won't let you!
I won't let you get away!
Hey, Dabi! Did you hear the radio?
I'm so pumped!
Mr. Compress already succeeded!
Took him long enough!
I was getting sleepy!
"Villain - Dabi"
Don't say that.
He did a good job.
Now, we just have to wait
for everyone to get back here.
"Villain - Twice"
That's not right!
You're right.
This place was supposed to be hard
to find because of the wall of flames and gas,
but the gas was cleared away.
Things never go according to plan, huh?
You're right!
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
Things are going as planned!
Aoyama, I must go help
the students from Class B.
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
Please carry these
two back to camp!
The gas dispersed...
Someone defeated the villain...!
They're fighting!
I...
I need to...
Our eyes met?!
Hey, Dabi!
Speaking of which,
this has nothing to do with anything,
but is it okay not to call the "Nomu" guy?
You said it'd only react to
your voice or something, right?
It's very important!
Oh, yeah.
You asked me why I didn't
add it to the battle, right?
Be grateful! Bow before me!
A monster specifically for me, from Shigaraki...
It's probably killed at least one person by now.
This is bad! This is really bad!
This guy's really bad news!
Yaoyorozu, are you alive?!
Hey! Please, run!
"Yosetsu Awase - Quirk: Weld"
It's gonna catch up!
I'm sorry...
Awase...!
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
I'm... I'm fine...!
When I came to, I was on the ground.
I had no idea what had happened to me...
Crap! Damn it!
What the--?!
What's that?!
What is that?!
What...?
Why is it leaving...?
Does this mean it has done its job...?
Then, don't tell me...
Bakugo!
Use your judgment...
What would be the worst-case scenario, Momo?
And what's the best thing you can do right now?
Awase, use your Quirk to attach this...
...to that!
What is this? A button?
Just hurry up and do it!
It'll get away!
I don't know what's going on, but...!
I attached it, like you asked!
Thanks, Awase.
Ah, that was too scary...
Let's get away!
Right.
"Villain - Magne"
Hey, Spinner, this is your fault!
Shut up!
If you're going to blame someone,
blame yourself for doing evil!
"Pro Hero - Tiger - Quirk: Pliabody"
"Pro Hero - Mandalay - Quirk: Telepath"
That's how it is, Spinner, you villain.
"Villain - Spinner"
Hey, let go, you harlot!
Damn it, Stain will live again!
You hear? His will, it'll live again right here!
Through me!
I have to purge you degenerate
heroes and that glasses kid!
What're you talking about?
At any rate, you didn't show us
your Quirk at all, did you?
Shut up! Get off!
Yes...
Let's have the two of you...
"Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate"
...move out of the way.
Damn it, that mask guy's fast!
If only Iida were here...
The hero course students are not
as big of a deal as I thought they'd be.
Damn it!
We can't... give up...
We have to catch up...
and get them back!
But at this rate,
he's just getting farther away!
Uraraka, make us float!
And then Asui, throw us
as far as you can with your tongue!
Ribbit?
Shoji, use your arms to correct
our trajectory and pull us!
Uraraka, measure the distance with your eyes
and release your Quirk
when the time looks about right!
I see. A human bullet, huh?
Wait, Deku! You're still going
to move with those injuries?
It's true that it wouldn't be strange for
this guy to lose consciousness at any moment...
Midoriya, you stay here.
With that pain, you're in no state to--
I don't feel any pain right now...
I can move...
Hurry!
Deku, at least let me do this...!
Okay, Tsu.
Make sure you save those two.
Ribbit!
Huh? No one else is here yet?
You lunatic, did you get the blood?
How many people's worth?
One person's worth!
Just one?!
Weren't you told to get at least three?!
It couldn't be helped.
I thought I was going to be killed.
Anyway--
Toga, aren't you a little too happy?
Was there anything to make you depressed?
I made some friends
and found a boy I'm interested in.
You mean me?!
Sorry, can't!
I like you, too!
You're too loud. Shut up...
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
I know these kids!
Who are they?!
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Todoroki, Shoji! Let's make sure
we save Kacchan and Tokoyami!
We'll use everything
we learned up until now at U.A.!
Next time, "What a Twist!"
"Next time: What a Twist!"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!